#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.0.9
    # via kombu
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via directory-components
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
boto3==1.17.85
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.20.112
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cryptography
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
directory-api-client==24.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==6.3.0
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
directory-components==37.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==20.28.1
    # via directory-components
directory-forms-api-client==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-admin-ip-restrictor
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-filter
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sigauth
django-admin-ip-restrictor==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.40.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-cryptography
django-celery-beat==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cryptography==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.8.0
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via django-admin-ip-restrictor
django-json-widget==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pglocks==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sort-order-field==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==4.2.1
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
future==0.18.2
    # via django-json-widget
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via directory-components
kombu==5.2.3
    # via celery
mohawk==0.3.4
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via directory-client-core
notifications-python-client==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
olefile==0.46
    # via directory-validators
packaging==21.3
    # via redis
pillow==9.0.1
    # via directory-validators
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via requests
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-crontab==2.6.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   python-crontab
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   directory-validators
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
raven==6.10.0
    # via django-staff-sso-client
redis==4.1.0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests[security]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tldextract
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-staff-sso-client
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   cryptography
    #   django-extensions
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   w3lib
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
tldextract==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==4.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
