#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_test.in
#
amqp==5.0.9
    # via kombu
apipkg==1.5
    # via execnet
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via directory-components
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
black==22.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   blacken-docs
blacken-docs==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
boto3==1.17.85
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.20.85
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
codecov==2.1.7
    # via -r requirements_test.in
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cryptography
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via jwcrypto
directory-api-client==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==7.1.0
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
directory-components==39.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==23.0.0
    # via directory-components
directory-forms-api-client==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==9.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-admin-ip-restrictor
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sigauth
django-admin-ip-restrictor==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.51.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-cryptography
django-celery-beat==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cryptography==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==2.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.16.5
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via django-admin-ip-restrictor
django-json-widget==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-oauth-toolkit==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pglocks==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sort-order-field==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==4.1.2
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
execnet==1.8.0
    # via pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
faker==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   factory-boy
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements_test.in
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
future==0.18.3
    # via django-json-widget
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.6.4
    # via -r requirements_test.in
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via directory-components
jwcrypto==1.4.2
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.2.3
    # via celery
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mohawk==0.3.4
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.5
    # via directory-client-core
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
notifications-python-client==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
olefile==0.46
    # via directory-validators
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
platformdirs==2.5.1
    # via black
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
pre-commit-hooks==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via flake8
pyjwt[crypto]==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   notifications-python-client
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via requests
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-django==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-forked==1.3.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-sugar==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-xdist==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   python-crontab
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   directory-validators
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
redis==4.5.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests[security]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   codecov
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tldextract
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-staff-sso-client
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via pre-commit-hooks
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-pglocks
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   w3lib
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tldextract==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pre-commit-hooks
    #   pytest
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via black
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
